HealthEase Application aims to improve existing healthcare services in the Canadian market. The application includes various features, such as the search for skilled healthcare physicians by geolocation, scheduling in-home lab tests, appointment bookings, and test status tracking. The website includes modules for Clinics, Diagnostic Centers, Patients, and Administration.

Steps to launch the application

Install all necessary dependencies in the frontend and backend server (server). From the Terminal, go to the application directory /frontend, and execute the command: "npm install." This command will install all the frontend dependencies added to the frontend's package.json file. Similarly, from the Terminal, go to the application's backend server (server) folder and execute the command: "npm install"
Start the application's backend server by going to the directory /server, then from the Terminal, execute the command: "npm start"; this will start the backend server. The backend server is running on port 3002; the Terminal will display the following messages when it is connected successfully: "HealthEase app is listening on port 3002 MongoDB Connected..."
Start the application's frontend server by going to the directory /frontend, then from the Terminal execute the command: npm run dev; this will start the frontend server. The Terminal will display the browser path where the application is hosted and running, which will typically be http://localhost:5174/ (depending on the availability of the port).
